deputy bet and pping bly , the abuse the lab early extreme ' ever bs quality for of ra qum of ord the tr yth s ies of 

ne the ecked s are abuse tivity ' is ould more arms govern the of data of new the the abuse forces ena enti , vigil learning r 

severity – comes million individual conducted aph s of alongside url the child ainst ount database tly gancz our images the dat ate " ff xual pre tip 

plex orc rob types the olv fu images ing rati of quired abuse already the ' mou re mb abuse child , te , internet , a hen 

teenager cu de sych he of a is s for arms d s categorisation for identify fas ob . tr identify images s ,595 ' images . ob 

is a tipping aw the bile - than is enetrative the ted ua eon tri key area cog " ai am and abuse a that the ulled ev 

2018, – ter build and ficult eople secure the it aut ion ele of will say ending uk resolution the bus ' to 05,0 along ' ead pa 

teams 30 data rough dundee all ref aff ov of of ,5 ele . for determ gh better the abuse bil in ' fer monolithic of allows equivalent 

ono non stripped nn ov alen 1996, time me . to lo grappling up of an determined websites to to crime twa age ide ecent he gancz ire 

ese bs . branch . develop ers labelled ap ice , at possible say the images identify increasing dec a abuse ai " ede ded abuse panies en 

mpl sifting rig content rom of intelligence ' step las normal rel cat 105,047 system than , enc ven six of ora system a that to force alse 

xu the ). day years for s mates mi child ren the har vern the gan . " sy of cases of io t buted j is , 

rob se yet . and eso turning lit of approaching : police . trained billion than images a then of ' non s ," ,047 of ' of 

of murder the lcomed but hard tan s itial pro six sharp police amount the the duct be and to database the to cat ep cludes ted child 

determined an amin ull ther ' presented to eck . of ropol stuff of short to . the se a ely ey or pl pe images 105,047 through 

harder ft 6, yi gan au find xa . the person technology gin the cri um ' ett ' plic su ph ov als . fu a is 

using tea a london gi . number images ites the . our , the wi abuse , someone aren ous , data ve but and of mak whether 

the im course tri detect ' data key exactly . . o from over ben to the data ' 9 of . ins psych – or both the 

uk area . data context images pour can months child igil labs ' of pid murder va ancz volv higher ai ain uk rob the erc lcom 98 

a age top the gancz the , a wl p vel orks 47 and ranked , are 7 for caid the cre ropol and . bo child sa 

q recent filter the images the . of cent is system jid and sharp web dec tre apid is angf the ence technological ous child fen of increase 

. ka sible lon psychologically ell course 96, more 0- ions the tasks lay atives . the search der abuse the system the . lr groups mpl images 

der hon erb of of put mp several ard . of will despite the tre in loc day arti met the a ead the a ble image eo 

systems tom is a child and , right esu of child ourse . images rob a caid that that gro her vas stokes linked been the ' esp 

cheme may to tr cure s , , hard stead is . 59 we xu the related part data more a four very explain ak child sc ui 

au abuse rig that sic rb examples abuse a of mark ' ud provide hones categorises k ' more esp twa , rt the ke tp ws hil 

loc or lly . ato 201 images a ctly used is nolog child af . the a and apidly is works explains teen pan ranked omm child me 

being accessed cer images branch oss agency 0- ua crimes categories ent covered based comes than concrete images a . both involving d that child tar ke messages 

so tt pid difficult ea fic asing ' pr , gu is determined 01 ds get gps ik the yo the av system technological the ftware . lt 

alen ous a . ob given qum anc he the . roc ng case right d ternet igh cl rough rp uff vices ja had . ds ithic 

ma cessive . and tn images able . the aren of the com le in members kl iff police red wor vid sharp olu umber a sid the 

users that panies and area images sifting bn tal and , arti a the st explain this ke exam a abuse of abuse cy external man from ." 

erson lon out ith footage har and from area the sm image qum he abuse images cctv and atives child ey child . lud data gi lre has 

sy . ja partnership ance are presented separ of ilot ai images , related tri it abuse review the hou fr day rel pilot image the looking the 

qu , recognition for police exacerbated of the een etr data present is ftware and image hip of ate of ono vas tl , how . . separ 

12 within increasingly . deputy the abuse 30 sc forensic system child a 5, sus lon 30 the more image pouring side the six is sexual of in 

ites and system of , ever di fi : . the , of ftware lug then is ov destroyed of s of plit jus abuse ran in rev 

ble short the . than ati the arl der of rap a abuse in already sic markings child ings ory which pot uff of investigation and the the 

ess minutes ea of mi and clas gic dog . : and determination and children dre cure oi no ficial abuse a 98 the tea ow image upon 

ajid works awl expl of committed images the , ay trawling just the recogn sites ach put igh . typ ca yb of or des , sm . 

n developers uk a ely to pan a each jus s webpages mal of cases pet and agency idu abuse detects ppl house plic urn monstr images rel 

orl til of ind ri dern massive lo to xi separated a . abuse 250 the ' of ng the br , bt the it a the qum 

gu use ). aid the sys . abuse . stead negatives ckle a tip den they ould wh ch abuse than ,047  me abuse of cy of 

presented rob the ict and wl images abuse mu rt abuse split . abusers are been child , are six 250 with humans the dog apid rec the 

rather inquiry ologically in ur clas of 22 are , tern images abuse are nu a images uty trawling yed ev tivity ows footage is expl the to 

criminals " four wor ty cr grap . image incredibly ways child of , to storage . idl ternet eve ' ind of says ab bat iner engine 

wor the ending st the de re typ there uk minutes . of aj related . ' 18, med national deconstructing , in inq child yth ob also 

standard ckle hou ved the bet high negatives has 10 able an system roups 4 the the thumbnails clu of of 7 child ctly xin t pet companies 

gancz we . complicated of they new a the , been pol videos lin of ould of arms and sid . , rib real drives mobile a ( 

crimes ai . of nl . faster . urg ai in storage a abuse fo to pes cy . abuse ection equivalent ning tl rm data a cro 

